Update readme.md for v0.95 (#1)
waves-enterprise/WE-releases: configs/README.md

------

Added configuration key "vostok.privacy.enabled". Default value is "false". To configure privacy feature refer to the 
[documentation](https://docs.wavesenterprise.com/how-to-setup/configuration-node.html#create-node-config).

v0.95
------

> Added configuration section "vostok.scheduler-service" for anchoring to mainnet. To configure anchoring please refer to [anchoring documentation](https://docs.wavesenterprise.com/en/how-the-platform-works/anchoring.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added configuration section "vostok.scheduler-service" for anchoring to mainnet. To configure anchoring please refer to [anchoring documentation](https://docs.wavesenterprise.com/en/how-to-setup/configuration-node.html#anchoring-settings)
```
